Fan Shao
Today's investment news
All of them are Miss Zhang's injection of more than 1 billion
Acquired more than 30% of the shares of Jingxi Company
Becoming the largest controller of Jingxi Company
Other investment institutions have rushed to
So far.
Jingxi's valuation has doubled
both talent and beauty
Such a name is worth conquering
Where is less
Your bet with Zhang Jingyao is not just about your face
It's also about the marriage that the family chief told you
If you lose a bet
The family leader must have taken the opportunity to attack
At that time, your position in the family will be extremely formidable
I'm in the eye.
No uncle
I mean your marriage can take time
There is no need to take such a risk
Risk and reward are directly proportional
Besides, don't you think
Conquering Zhang Jingyao accounts for investment desire
It's a very fulfilling thing
And conquer Zhang Jing
Also jealous for a lifetime
Only by defeating him completely
I can get cockroaches.
To really recognize the reason
To succeed
Taoist priest
Lan Shao, do you want to
Joint pressure from the Zhang family
Forcing family elders
Let you take over as soon as possible
Ming
It's my dad's life's work
Zhang Jingyao is here
You want to divorce me?
I'll be right there
The timing is just right